Improve documentation v4 (LC15) (#4973)
Deletescape-Media/Lawnchair: CONTRIBUTING.md

Here are some contribution tips to help you get started:

-   Always make sure that you're up-to-date with **Lawnchair** by setting your base branch to `15-dev`.
-   Make sure your code is logical and well-formatted. If using Kotlin, see [“Coding conventions” in the Kotlin documentation](https://kotlinlang.org/docs/coding-conventions.html);
-   [The `lawnchair` package](https://github.com/LawnchairLauncher/lawnchair/tree/15-dev/lawnchair) houses Lawnchair’s own code, whereas [the `src` package](https://github.com/LawnchairLauncher/lawnchair/tree/15-dev/src) includes a clone of the Launcher3 codebase with modifications. Generally, place new files in the former, keeping changes to the latter to a minimum.

#### Additional documentation

> -   The Lawnchair Wiki ([GitHub Wiki](https://github.com/LawnchairLauncher/lawnchair/wiki))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   The Lawnchair ([GitHub Wiki](https://github.com/LawnchairLauncher/lawnchair/wiki))
```

Reviewer 2: I think we can leave this text as-is instead.

However, a better approach for consistency is to just directly link the text:

```
* Lawnchair GitHub Wiki
* Lawnchair Visual Guidelines
...
```

Author: 👋 Hello! (this message was almost 8 hours ago, I just never hit send)

@Goooler The change is intended to be consistent, but looks redundant. I believe @SuperDragonXD suggestion works well. What do you think?

Reviewer: Looks good.

| Preference choice                                | $1_choice         | `off_choice`               | Off                  |                                                                                                                     |
| Feature string                                   | (feature_name)_$1 | `colorpicker_hsb`          | HSB                  | Feature strings are strings that are confined to a specific feature. Examples include the gesture and color picker. |
| Launcher string                                  | $1_launcher       | `device_contacts_launcher` | Contacts from device | Strings that are specific to the Launcher area                                                                      |

#### Updating locally stored font listing

Lawnchair uses a locally stored JSON file (`google_fonts.json`) to list available fonts from Google Fonts. This file should be updated periodically or before release to include the latest fonts.

> To update the font listing on Lawnchair, follow a step to [acquire your Google Fonts Developer API key](https://developers.google.com/fonts/docs/developer_api#APIKey), once you've got your API key, append `?key=API_KEY` to https://www.googleapis.com/webfonts/v1/webfonts then replace the content of [`google_fonts.json`](lawnchair/assets/google_fonts.json) with the response of the API.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To update Lawnchair's font listing, follow these steps:
1. Acquire a [Google Fonts Developer API key](https://developers.google.com/fonts/docs/developer_api#APIKey).
2. Download the JSON file from `https://www.googleapis.com/webfonts/v1/webfonts?key=API_KEY`, replacing `API_KEY` with the API key from step 1.
3. Replace the content of [`google_fonts.json`](lawnchair/assets/google_fonts.json) with the API response.
```
